Added support for activity update (#51)
infracloudio/msbotbuilder-go: samples/activity-update/README.md

Set two variables for the session as `APP_ID` and `APP_PASSWORD` to the values of your BotFramework `APP_ID` and `APP_PASSWORD`. Then run the `main.go` file.

```bash
export APP_PASSWORD=MICROSOFT_APP_PASSWORD
export APP_ID=MICROSOFT_APP_ID

go run main.go
```

This will start a server which will listen on port `3978`

#### Step 3: Expose local server with ngrok

Now, in separate terminal, run [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/download) command to expose your local server to outside world.

```sh
$ ngrok http 3978
```

Copy `https` endpoint, go to [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com/bots) dashboard and set messaging endpoint under Settings.

#### Step 4: Test the BOT

You can either test BOT on BotFramework portal or you can create app manifest and install the App on Teams as mentioned [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/create-a-bot-for-teams#create-your-app-manifest-and-package).

## Understanding the example

The program starts by creating a handler struct of type `activity.HandlerFuncs`.

This struct contains definition for the `OnMessageFunc` field which is a treated as a callback by the library on the respective event.

> In this sample when GetCard command is issued from chat application adaptive card with input box is sent from this bot. Once submit button on card is clicked the card is deleted.

Reviewer: I believe the application also update the text on the card - "Changed Activity" which demonstrates the Update activity handling. Please document this behavior.

Reviewer: @sbawaskar please let me know once ready

Author: Sure

Author: Done thanks!

Author: @PrasadG193 , updated doc. Please check.

> This struct contains definition for the `OnMessageFunc` field which is a treated as a callback by the library on the respective event.
> In this sample when GetCard command is issued from chat application adaptive card with input box is sent from this bot. Once submit button on card is clicked the card is deleted. Also bot updates the activity and set text message to activity as "Changed Activity" after card is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This struct contains a definition for the `OnMessageFunc` field which is treated as a callback by the library on the respective event.
In this sample, when the GetCard command is issued from the chat application, an adaptive card with an input box is sent from this bot. Once submit button on the card is clicked the card is deleted. Also, the bot updates the activity and sets the text message to activity as "Changed Activity" after the card is deleted.
```
